(1) Think about  TWO different scenarios where you cannot find satisfying search results when using Web search engines such as Google or Bing. Please explain the information task, the queries, and why the results are not satisfying.

	a. In my experience, I often find unsatisfying search results when an unwanted website is returned in the search results.  For example, the other week I was searching for assets online (using Google) for use in a personal coding project.  The entire first page of the Google search results were comprised of links to the website "Pinterest".  Pinterest requires the user to have an account to access their content, so I would click a link hoping to find my required asset, only to be greeted by a popup informing me that to view the images I would first need to create an account.  These results were unsatisfying to me because I don't want to give out my personal information to an unkown website simply to be able to download an image.  In addition, the entire first page of results was comprised of Pinterest links, severlying limiting the diversity of sources.
	
	b.  Another instance of me failing to receive satisfying search results has occured many times throught my college career.  For example, I will often download problem sets offline to complete and study with.  Sometimes these problem sets don't contain the answer key, without the key I will not know which problems I completed correctly, thus I am forced to find answers to the problems online.  Since I am a CPEG major, the majority of these problems involved mathematics and as such the problems usually include multiple variables and equations.  These attritubtes make the desired problem difficult to obtain satisfying search results for.  For example, say I want to find the answer to a math problem which requires me to integrate an equation.  There is no easy or intuitive way to include the integral sign in the URL, thus trying to search for seldomly used characters can lead to unsatisfying results. 
 
(2) What kind of new functionalities do you wish a search engine could provide? 
	a.  One feature I would like to see is the ability to search for images by exact dimensions.  Google has a feature to sort images by size, but the sizes exist within a range.  For example you can filter an image by its size, but the filtering options look like the following : Choose a size- Larger than 400x300, Larger than 500x600, larger than...  I would like to have the ability to only return results which match an exact dimension or aspect ratio, instead of having LEQ/GEQ options.  Since I primarily use Google, it's possible another search engine already implements this and I am ignorant.
